feat: Specify how to handle deprecated option in services and RPCs (#736)
googleapis/aip: aip/general/0192.md

Comments **should** spell and capitalize trademarked names consistent with the
trademark owner's current branding.

> ### Deprecations

Reviewer: All the changes above this line seem irrelevant to this PR. At the very least, the changes at the top of the file need to be reverted so the metadata is handled properly.

Author: Done.

Comments **should** spell and capitalize trademarked names consistent with the
trademark owner's current branding.

### Deprecations

> To deprecate a service or RPC, the `deprecated` option **must** be set to

Reviewer 2: I think this should apply to deprecating fields as well. WDYT?

Author: I could go either way, but the generators don't do anything with them ATM. @lukesneeringer WDYT?

Reviewer 3: Let's do this universally on anything.

> To deprecate a service or RPC, the `deprecated` option **must** be set to

Reviewer 2: Nit,suggestion: link to the protobuf deprecated option on the word "option"

https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/proto#options

Author: Done.

> `true`, and the first line of the respective comment **mus**t start with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`true`, and the first line of the respective comment **must** start with
```

> `"Deprecated: "` and provide alternative solutions for developers.

Reviewer 2: Nit, suggestion: 
```suggestion
`"Deprecated: "` and provide alternative solutions for developers. If there is no alternative solution, a deprecation reason **must** be given.
```

Comments **should** spell and capitalize trademarked names consistent with the
trademark owner's current branding.

### Deprecations

To deprecate a service or RPC, the `deprecated`
[option](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/proto#options)

> **must** be set to `true`, and the first line of the respective comment **must**

Reviewer 3: Maybe it is not that big a deal, but I would prefer it be the last paragraph rather than the first line. In other words...

```proto
// Frobs the book.
//
// Deprecated: Use FracBook instead.
rpc FrobBook...
```

Thoughts?

Reviewer 4: I would prefer it to be the first thing in the comment, to make it more prominent. It's not a big deal when looking at the proto file or even the online documentation, but for autocomplete in IDEs, the first part of the comment is often much more prominent than the rest.

Reviewer 3: Okay, I can get behind that.

Author: +1 to making it the the first item, marking as resolved.

> ## Changelog

Reviewer: We should add an entry to the changelog noting the addition of the guidance around `deprecated = true`.

Author: Done.
